Bugs found in Assignment 3. 
(Note that the assertion statements were turned off for found bugs so all tests will execute).

Unittest1.c – Discard Card Function
Assertion statements on  line 177 and 341 found: discardCount is not being incremented by 1
when the trashflag isset to zero. The if / else statements also show that this is failing in
every case when the function is called.

unittest2.c – Draw Card Function
No bugs found.

unittest3.c – Gain Card Function
Assertion statement on line 154 found: According to source code comments, this function
should add the card to the hand when flag is set to 2; however, when flag is set to two the
handcount was not incremented.

Assertion Statement on line 196 found: According to source code comments, this function
should add the card to the deck when flag is set to 1; however, when flag is set to 1 the deck
count was not incremented.

Assertion Statement on line 243 found: According to source code comments, this function should
add the card to the discard pile when flag is set to 0; however, when flag is set to 0 the
discard count was not incremented.

unittest4.c – Buy Card Function
No bugs found.

cardtest1.c – Smithy Card
No bugs found.

cardtest2.c – Adventurer Card
Assertion statement on line 162 found: Handcount is not not being incremented by one which
should be the case because two treasure cards are added to the hand, and the adventurer card
that is played should be discarded.

cardtest3.c – Remodel Card
Assertion statement on line 167 found: Remodel card is not being added to the discard pile
when supply > 0 and the cost of the card to trash + 2 >= cost of the card to gain. It
should be added to the discard pile in this case. This conforms to the bug that I introduced
in the refactored function which reversed the inequality.

Assertion statement on line 218 found: The card that is supposed to be trashed is still in the
hand after the remodel card. This was checked by counting the number of the type of card to be
trashed before playing remodel, and checking again after. 

cardtest4.c – Village card
Assertion statement on line 154 found: the number of cards in the hand does not stay the same
after playing the village card. What should happen is one card should be drawn from the deck
and put in the hand while the village card is removed from the hand and put in the discard
pile. The hand count should stay the same but it doesn’t. 

