SMITHY
The smithy gives the player 3 cards. This is accomplished using a for loop that repeats 3 times, each time invoking the drawCard function. Upon completion of this activity, discardCard is invoked, removing the used Smithy from the player's hand (the smithy is targeted specifically thanks to the of handPos, I believe).

ADVENTURER
The adventurer allows the player to begin drawing from his deck and not stop until two treasure cards have been drawn. All other cards that are drawn by this process are set aside until the two treasure cards are pulled, and then they are all discarded. They are set aside rather than immediately discarded so that, in circumstances when there are fewer than 2 treasure cards available in the players deck, the player does not loop through all of her cards infinitely. The code accomplishes this by having you draw a card, checking to see if it is a treasure card, and, if it is not, putting that card into a virtual 'temp hand.' After the treasures have been found, this temporary hand is looped over, passing each card into the players discard pile until the temp hand has been depleted.

discardCard
This function handles the removal of a card from the player's hand. If the card is not going to be trashed, then it is first moved to the player's discard pile, and the number of cards in the discard pile is incremented. The trashing of a card is determined by the trashing flag that is passed to the function. If the card is to be trashed, then it is simply not moved to the discard pile, and thus it is not retained.
In order to remove the card from the player's hand, the function has to first determine which position the card is in. If it is the last card in the player's hand, then the player's hand count is decremented. If there is only one card in the player's hand then the hand count is also simply decremented. Otherwise, the position of the card to be discarded is swapped with that of the last card in the player's hand, and THEN the hand is decremented.

updateCoins
This function determines the treasure value of a player's hand. It first resets the value of the hand to zero, and then loops over every card in the player's hand. If any of the cards in the hand are treasure cards, they will trigger conditionals (depending on whether it is copper, silver, or gold), and 1, 2, or 3 treasure value will be added to the total value of the player's hand. After this process is completed, bonus value is factored in. The bonus value is passed as a parameter to the function. This bonus value allows for 'virtual' treasure to be accounted for, e.g. treasure that is awarded by the playing of some action card. It is important to reset the value of the hand every time the total value needs to be recalculated, because some cards (e.g. the mine) will replace existing treasure cards with other, new treasure cards. If you were to just add value to the hand when necessary, it would fail to handle circumstances like this correctly.