Jaden Diefenbaugh
CS362
HW2

Smithy Code:
	Handling of a played Smithy card is found from lines 831-840 of dominion.c.
	Three times (i=0,1,2) a card is attempted to be drawn for the player who
	played smithy. Afterwards, the Smithy card is removed from the player's
	hand.

Adventurer Code:
	Handling of a played Adventurer card is found from lines 669-688 of
	dominion.c.
	While the player has not drawn 2 treasures, the main loop in the adventurer
	case statement continues to run. This loop first checks if the state of the
	deck is empty (cards are < 1), and if so, shuffles discards back into the
	deck. It then draws a card. If this card is treasure (copper, silver, or
	gold), then a treasure card has been drawn, and the number of treasures
	drawn has been increased by 1. If it wasn't a treasure, the drawn card
	isn't kept in the main hand (put aside). Until two treasure cards are drawn
	this loop runs.
	After two treasures have been drawn, all of the non-treasure cards drawn
	that were set aside are discarded.

discardCard() Code:
	discardCard has four parameters: first, a 'handPos' integer, which
	indicates which card in the hand is to be discarded; a 'currentPlayer'
	integer, which indicates which hand will be discarded from; a pointer to a
	gameState instance called 'state', which (predictably) holds state info
	about the game, including the discard pile, played cards, and player hands;
	and finally, the 'trashFlag' integer, which if set the >0, indicates the
	card is trashed and was not played.
	If the card was played (trashFlag <1), then the card is added to the
	state's playedCards. The state of the card is set to -1 (<0 means there is
	no card defined for that spot in hand).
	Next comes the handling of discarding the card from the hand. If the card
	to be discarded is the last card in the hand, just decrement the length
	of the hand so that this discarded card is no longer counted as a card. If
	it wasn't the last card, but the ONLY card, we can still just decrement
	the size of the hand by one (to get an empty hand). Else, we move the last
	card in the hand to the discarded card's place, and then decrement the hand
	size.

updateCoins() Code:
	updateCoins has three parameters: an integer 'player', indicating the
	player to have their coins updated; a pointer to the gamestate state
	struct that holds card/hand information, and a bonus integer (the bonus
	coins to be added from Actions).
	Because each turn the coins are initially 0, the coins are reset at the
	beginning of the function. Then, for each card, if the card is a treasure
	card, the corresponding number of coins (1,2, or 3) are added to the
	player's total coins for that turn. Finally, the bonus is added.


