// CS362-400 Spring 2014
// Student:  Philip Lewallen
// Assignment 3

unittest1.c
function tested: countCoins
Results:
	Coverage: 97.73% of 44 lines

	This function is suppose to count the total treasure a person is holding in their hand.  To do this
		I seeded the hand with either all copper, silver, or gold coins.  This should represent the boudnary conditions of the
	possible treasures availble to the user.
		I ran the test multiple times and checked the totals the function returned.
		At this time I do not have any suggestions on what to improve upon.

unittest2.c
function tested:  makeTurn
Results: 
	Coverage: 95.25% of 21 lines

		I would increase the range to improve the boundaries of the test.  I would run it just past 
	the acceptable input boundary, once to ensure the error checking works.

		Currently the test covers all of the lines in the test.

unittest3.c
function tested: supplyCount
Results:
	Coverage: 95% of 20 lines

		I would again extend the input values to cause the test to faile once on a value which could
	only cause a failure condition.

unittest4.c
function tested: handCard
Results:
	Coverage: 95% of 20 lines

		I check to make sure the value returned by the function matches the stored value inside of the 
	gameState struct.  I had no failures.  
		If more tests were needed we could ensure the values do not match and cause a fail condition.  
	Which would drive up the coverage.

cardtest1.c
card tested: smithy
Results:
	Coverage: 95% of 20 lines

		It would be possible to incrase the amount of cards in the hand at the start of the test over the max hand limit size.
	This should caue an overflow and a fail condition.

cardtest2.c
card tested: adventurer
Results:
	Coverage: 90.48% of 42 lines

		Different coins could be added in the hand and the deck to test each individual branch of the if statement.

cardtest3.c
card tested: gardens
Results:
	Coverage: 90.91% 11 lines

		I could manually break the card to check the test.  The function is simple enough I do not have
	any further ideas on how to improve the test.

cardtest4.c
card tested: village
Results:
	Coverage: 92.59% 27 lines

		I would change the card position to a higher position in the array.  I would do this more often in aloop.
	I would do this only after the seeding of the deck to acheive a more random distribution of the card types in the deck.