/*	Student: Philip Lewallen
	Class: CS362-400 Software Engineering II
	Assignment: Assignment 4
*/

Review of random test of adventurer card.

Coverage of test: 90.91%

	I am not able to test all of the lines as there is an issue in my program where 
the Deck Hand only contain COPPER cards.  This casues 4 clauses of IF statements to never be executed.

	The random test does return a proper failure based on the inputs and a proper pass based on the inputs
however at this time it certainly is a concern that I cannot get a deck, which is initiated with the supplied functions
to produce silver and gold cards. 
	
	Based on these observations I certainly would alert other developers this is a bug and ask for a further review by
another engineer.  At the very least my next test would be to develop a random tester for the newDeck() function and the initiateDeck() function.

	To improve on the results of this test I would focus on the types of cards being drawn and to come across conditions


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Review of random test of Smithy Card.

Coverage of test: 97.06%

	When I run my test I get an intermittent seg fault.  I changed the amount of times run and this did not change much.
I also got a message from make saying "make: warning: Clock skew detected.  Your build may be incompelte."
I do not have much to report on my understanding of this message at this time.  I will do some further resarch.

	The cover is complete as the Smithy Card is qutie straight forward.  I was able to go through each line of code 
except for line 29 in the test file.  This is the line for a PASS condition to the test.  

	The PASS condition cannot happen as I have inserted a bug into the card which causes the wrong amount of cards to 
drawn and added to the hand.  My algorithm adds 4 cards before discarding one.  

	The range of hand sizes was from 0 to 100.  I ran the test 30 times.  Even with a hand of 1 should in theory
work in the game as that one card could be the SmithyCard.  

	I did not reach a test condition where there is only zero cards and then a Smithy is played.  As an empty Deck
initiates a draw condition, I considered this test to be outside the range of acceptable inputs and omitted it.