smithy card: my understanding of the smithy card code is that it is a simple for loop with three iterations. 
	Each iteration draws a card using the darwCard function. After the for loop the smithy card is discarded using
	the discardCard function.
	
adventurer card: the adventurer card works mainly within a while loop. In the loop, the first thing that is checked is
	the deck is empty. If it is, the discard cards are shuffled and added to the deck using the shuffle function.
	Next a card is drawn from the deck with drawCard. If the newly drawn card is a treasure card (copper, silver or
	gold), then the variable drawntreasure is incremented (this variable keeps track of how many treasure were drawn
	during the turn). If the drawn card is not a treasure card, then the card is added to the temphand array, the deck
	is decremented, and the temphand array index is incremented. Once the variable drawntreasure is less than two ( player
	drawn two coin cards), the while loop stops. The temphand array of all the non-treasure cards is then put back into
	the deck.
	
discardCard(): First, the function checks is the whether the card is flagged to be trashed. If NOT flagged then the 
	card is added back to the player's deck and the deck card count is incremented. Next the card is set to -1 showing 
	its been played. The next step is to remove the card from the player's hand. If the current hand has 0 or 1 cards left
	the hand count is decremented. I notice that these two statements (hand count is 0 or 1) have the same code, nothing 
	different happens between the two different hand counts. But if the hand count is greater than one, the discarded card is
	replaced with the last card in the card hand array. Then the last card position in the array is set to -1, meaning there
	is no card to play. Lastly, the card deck is incremented.
	
updateCoins(): The index variable i and coin count variable are initialized. A for loop is started with the number of
	iterations being the number of cards in the player's hand. The for loop checks each card and checks whether it is a coin
	card. If it is, the player's available coins is incremented by the value of the coin card (copper = 1, silver = 2, gold = 3).
	If there is a bonus coins (such as from an action card), it is also added to the player's coins.
