Coverage of Tests

unittest1:
	This tested the buyCard() function. Statement coverage for this function was 100% (not
	counting the print statements for when debugging is turned on). The function was called
	14 times. 11 times it passed through to the end of the function and the other 3 times,
	it returned early because a precondition was not met, as was expected. 100% branch 
	coverage was also achieved for this function.
	
unittest2:
	Testing the scoreFor() function. While this test did achieve 100% line coverage, that 
	number doesn't show that the function was covered well because there are many one-line
	if statements. Branch coverage for this test was 84%. I believe that if this function
	was not buggy, the test harness would have achieved 100% branch coverage.
	
unittest3:
	For the discardCard() function. Branch coverage was a mere 63%. The function was only
	called 2 times, so if I were to write tests for this again in the future, I would because
	sure to call the function more times. I believe that it is impossible to achieve 100% 
	branch coverage because of unreachable code. One if statement checks if the card being
	discarded is the last one in the hand and then the next if statement checks if it is the
	only one in the hand. If it was the only one in the hand, then it would also be the last
	one in the hand, so the first branch would always be executed.
	
unittest4:
	This tested the gainCard() function. Statement coverage and branch coverage was 100% for
	this test. There were a few lines that only were executed once, so a better test suite
	would make sure that these lines are covered with greater frequency.
	
cardtest1:
	For the smithy card. I had 100% branch and statement coverage. This is a pretty simple
	function, so it didn't take much.
	
cardtest2:
	Tested the adventurer card. This test only got 67% branch coverage. In my test, I only
	had copper in my deck, so because of that I missed some branches. I also didn't run the
	test on an empty deck, but I think that branch can be deleted because the drawCard()
	function checks if the deck is empty. It turns out that my tests drew treasures right
	away so I didn't test the functionality of the part that discarded the cards that weren't
	treasure.
	
cardtest3:
	This tested the council room card. It reached 100% branch and statement coverage. I could 
	have tested it more times since I only played the card once.
	
cardtest4:
	For the village card. This one also had 100% branch and statement coverage although it'scoreFor
	pretty much impossible not to get full coverage.