My goal was for this assignment was to try and get full statement coverage for functions that did not 
have conditionals or branches, path coverage for those that did that I was able, and branch coverage 
for all others. After all tests were run, coverage was reported at 32.87% of 581 lines of code. Since 
we were only testing the implementation of 4 cards and 4 arbitrarily chosen functions within the program 
the fact that this percentage is so low is not surprising. There were a few of the functions I did test 
that I did not get 100% coverage on that with improved testing I could get better coverage.
 
 Additionally, random testing for uses of the action cards in various situations would probably be helpful
 to catch bugs in unusual situations in which these cards are used.

The following is a breakdown of the coverages I had for each of the tested cards/functions: 
unittest1(getCost()):
This function consisted of a switch statement containing all possible cards in the game which returned
the cost of that card or -1 if the card was not in the list. I was able to get full path coverage here 
by looping through all possible card values +1 to ensure I had at least one value out of range that would
cause the function to return -1.

unittest2(isGameOver()):
For this function I was able to get full path coverage. There were two conditionals and I ran my tests
in an order that allowed me to pass the first conditional and then subsequently pass then 2nd. The 2nd
test passed the 1st and failed the second. The 3rd test failed the first conditional. This covered all
possible paths through the function.

unittest3(initializeGame()):
I was not able to achieve full statement coverage as there were 3 conditionals that I was not able to get it
to return false on to return a -1. These were on lines 68, 158, and 210 in dominion.c.

unittest4(handCard()):
This was a very simple function consisting of two lines of code. I had complete statement coverage since
there were no conditionals or branches in the function.

cardtest1(smithy):
There were no branches or conditionals in this function so I had full statement coverage.

cardtest2(adventurer):
For this function I had full branch coverage for everything except the case where the players deck was
empty and needed to be reshuffled. The conditional for this was on line 1260 of dominion.c.

cardtest3(village):
There were no branches or conditionals in this function so I had full statement coverage.

cardtest4(cutpurse):
I was unable to get full statement coverage for this function at there was a conditional that I was
unable to get to true on line 1316 of dominion.c. For all other conditionals I was able to get branch
coverage.
