This document describes my understanding of the Smithy and Adventurer cards in the 
Dominion game. It also describes my understanding of the discardCard() and 
updateCoins() methods.

1. Smithy

A case switch checks to see which card was used. If the case is "smithy", 
then the player that drew the smithy card gets to draw three cards. In the code, 
this is reflected by a small for-loop which iterates 3 times. In the body of the
for-loop is a call to the drawCard() method. After the for-loop is a call to the
discardCard method, meaning that once the smithy card has been played, the player
places it onto their discard pile. 


2. Adventurer

A case switch checks to see if the name of the card used was "adventurer". If it
is, the player draws cards from their deck until two treasure cards have been 
found, and adds them to the player's hand. Any non-treasure cards are placed in
a temporary hand which is discarded after the two treasure cards are obtained. If
the player's draw pile reaches 0 at any time, the discard pile is shuffled and 
becomes the new draw pile. 


3. discardCard()

If the card being discarded is not marked as trashed (i.e. trashedFlag argument 
not set to 1, the card is added to the played pile. The players played card is set 
to -1, indicating a discarded card. If the last card in the player's hand array is 
played, or the player only has one card in their hand, the number of cards in 
their hand is reduced. Otherwise, the discarded card is replaced with the last 
card in the player's hand, the last card is set to -1, and the number of cards in 
the player's hand is decremented. 


4. updateCoins()
The coin count is reset to 0, and then a for-loop runs for each instance of a 
treasure card that exists in the player's hand. 1, 2, and 3 coins are added to
the coin count for each instance of copper, silver, and gold cards, respectively.
Any bonus that was passed in (which can be gained from playing certain cards 
during the action phase) is finally added to the total count. 
