Thomas Cox
randomhistory.txt
5/4/2015
Assignment4

make all


In my test from assignment 3 I tested the adventurer in cardtest2.c.  I documented my results in Cardtest2.txt.  
In Cardtest2.txt I noted that in the test of the adventurerCard function I executed 16/17 lines for 94.12% 
coverage and executed all 12 branches and took 9/12 branches at least once and only executed 1 out of 2 calls
for 50% call coverage.  Missing one out of 2 of the calls is not good coverage.

In my revised test in randomtestadventurer.c I ran the random simulation 300 times.  I was able to executed
100% of the 17 lines.  I executed 100% of the 12 branches.  I was able to execute 10/12 branch paths of for 83.33% coverage.
I was able to execute both function calls in my function.

I was able to greatly improve upon my adventurer function test from assignment to the next.  One area I am having difficulty getting 
testing coverage is where I have a conditional for testing copper, silver or gold cards.  I think I am having a problem testing for 
gold cards even though I am randomly replacing some copper cards in the player hand with gold cards.   

Also, I am finding an error in the adventurer card when the deck count is zero and I am calling a reshuffle, when the deck count is
zero in the adventurer card is not adding any treasure cards to the user hand.


In my test from assignment 3 I ran test on the smithy card in cardtest1.c.  I document the results in 
Cardtest1.txt.  I stated how I had total coverage of the smithyCard function.  I stated that, I executed all
 5 lines 2/2 branches at least once 100% of the time and executed 2 out of 2 calls.  
 
In the updated random test, randomtestcard.c I also tested the smithy card.  The smithyCard function once again total and absolute coverage.
I executed all 5 lines 2/2 branches at least once 100% of the time and executed 2 out of 2 calls. There is a bug in the smithy card function, and it is 
of my creation.  The smithy card will only add 2 cards to the player hand not 3.  This error is detected on every random test.


Instruction to run the files

make all
gcc -o randomtestcard -g randomtestcard.c dominion.c rngs.c -coverage -fpic -lm  //run to get dominion.c.gcov
randomtestcard
make runrandomtestcard

gcc -o randomtestadventurer -g randomtestcard.c dominion.c rngs.c -coverage -fpic -lm  //run to get dominion.c.gcov
randomadventurercard
make randomadventurercard